1. Purpose
This policy outlines the benefits for employees availing the car lease program.

2. Scope
This policy is applicable to all full-time employees of Flipkart, WMI, Cleartrip and Flipkart
Health+.

3. Policy Guidelines
3.1. An employee can assign a maximum of 20% of the Annual Base Pay towards the car
lease rental annually. The employee must decide on the car of his/her/their choice that
has monthly rental value equal to or less than the rental eligibility.
3.2. The car lease rental amount, along with fuel and driver’s reimbursement amounts will be
adjusted from their special allowance component and will form a part of their salary (Total
Base Pay). Please note these are not over and above salary.
3.3. Flipkart has entered into an operational lease with select vendors (the car leasing
companies) for providing cars to eligible employees under this program.
3.4. The ownership of the car will remain with the leasing company for the tenure of the
agreement.
3.5. The employee would be required to enter into an agreement with Flipkart on the
acceptable standard of usage of the car.
3.6. Employee cannot change his/her/their choice after entering into the agreement with
Flipkart as the payment for the car would already have been made by the car lease
company. In the event the employee makes a change, either at this point or before the
expiry of the car lease term signed up, then the entire loss incurred due to this change will
have to be borne by the employee. There will be no exceptions to this.
3.7. If the company is put at a disadvantage or loss due to mishandling or improper use of the
vehicle, the employee will make good the loss to the company.
4. Rental Value for Car
4.1. The choice of the car rests with the employee.
4.2. The monthly lease rental payable will be based on the choice and model of the car.
4.3. The car lease program can be opted for a lease tenure of 36 months or 48 months.
4.4. The car lease amount will cover the EMI, fleet management charges, maintenance
charges, cost of registration and insurance of the car.
4.5. The exact rental value for each of the models covered under the car scheme will be
decided at the time of employee’s entry in the scheme. Additional fixtures that are not
standard fixtures in a car should be borne and paid directly to the dealer by the employee.

4

5. Car Lease Process Overview
5.1. Entering into a Car Lease agreement:
5.1.1. The employee will have to finalize the car and work with the leasing company for a quote.
5.1.2. Employee needs to contact the car lease company/dealer directly for technical details of
the car and test drive etc. The People Operations team will only act as liaison. Leasing
company's contact details are given at the end of the policy.
5.1.3. Once the employee approves the quote, the Benefits Administration team will intimate the
lease company to place an order request.
5.1.4. Employee has to go through the draft of the agreement between Flipkart and the employee
and sign it before placing the order.
5.1.5. The Benefits Administration team will prepare a lease agreement document which will be
duly signed by the employee and the authorized signatory from Flipkart.
5.1.6. The lease company will interact with the dealer and will arrange for delivery of the car. The
delivery time of the new car will depend on the model chosen and availability of the model.
5.1.7. The monthly car lease rental will be deducted from the employees Special Allowance
component of the Total Base Pay.

6. Lease Completion and Closure
6.1. On completion or foreclosure of the lease period the employee will have an option to return
the car to the lease company or choose to buy back the car from the lease company.
6.2. In the case of completion, an email intimation would be sent by the leasing company to
the user one month prior to the completion of lease agreement. The employee will have
to confirm through mail if he/she/they intend to return the car to the lease company or
choose to buy back the car.
6.3. In the case of foreclosure i.e., if the employee decides to leave Flipkart, if the employment
is terminated or if the employee wants to end the lease during the lease agreement period,
the employee should give one month’s notice/intimation via email to the lease company
with a copy to the People Operations team. The employee has to confirm if they want to
return the car to the lease company or choose to buy back the car.
6.4. If the employee chooses to buy the car, the lease company will issue a ‘No Objection’ and
transfer certificate to Flipkart within 15 working days. The employee would need to visit
the RTO to collect the transfer of ownership documents and get it signed from the Flipkart
authorized signatory
6.4.1. The employee will have to pay the differential as per the book value sheet they sign at the
time of entering into a car lease agreement.
6.5. In case the employee is joining another employer, transfer the car lease agreement to the
new employer (subject to the acceptance of the leasing company and subject to their
policy, if any, with the new employer).
6.6. Full and Final settlement of the employee will be processed only after all the payments for
the car lease are settled by the employee.
Upon returning or buying the car the employee will have an option to enter into a new

5
lease agreement with the leasing company based on plans available with the leasing
company at that point of time.
Please refer to the annexures for the entire process details.

7. Fuel and Driver’s Salary Reimbursement
7.1. Employees, who have opted for the car lease program, can claim up to INR 15,000 per
month as fuel reimbursement and INR 25,000 per month as driver’s reimbursement.
These reimbursements are not above your salary, they are part of your salary (Total Base
Pay) and will be adjusted with your Special Allowance component. Employees can avail
a tax benefit as per the Income Tax rules.
7.2. Following are the documents which an employee will have to submit to claim the
reimbursement amount on a quarterly basis:
7.2.1. Fuel Reimbursement - Original bills
7.2.2. Copy of Driver’s License - In the first quarter or when there is change in driver
7.2.3. Copy of Driver’s Address Proof - In the first quarter or when there is change in driver
7.2.4. The payment made to the driver shall be only through non-cash mode
(RTGS/IMPS/NEFT/UPI/Cheque)
7.2.5. The above-mentioned proofs need to be submitted on HR Berry (payroll portal) before
15th of every month.

8. Other Guidelines
8.1. This policy is announced purely as a welfare measure and cannot be claimed as a matter
of right.
8.2. Flipkart will have the sole discretion to reject any application without assigning any
reasons whatsoever. The company does not owe any explanation for turning down any
request for a car lease program.
8.3. The employee should acknowledge having read and understood the company car lease
policy and that they are fully aware that any false statement(s) and disclosure(s) are liable
to result in immediate termination of their employment.
8.4. The Head of Rewards will be responsible for interpretation of the provisions of the policy.
Any exception to the enforcement of this policy needs to be approved by the Head of
Rewards. This Policy is subject to change at any given point of time by Flipkart. The
decision of the company shall be final and binding. Any amendments or additions to this
policy would be communicated in writing and shall form a part of this policy.

6

9. Contact Matrix
Name Primary Contact
People Operations team Dhanashekar.i@flipkart.com
Rewards team Employee-benefits@flipkart.com
10. Policy Management
Document ID FKE_CLP_1.2
Policy Owner Rewards Team
Recommendation for approval Aakriti Chandra
Legal Reviewer Sudheer SV
Document Approver Krishna Govinda Raghavan
Date of Approval 31st July, 2022
In Effect From 1st August, 2022
Next Review Date 1st August, 2023
