1. Introduction and Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to establish reimbursement guidelines for employees incurring
business related expenses and entertainment expenses on behalf of the company.
2. Scope
This policy is applicable to all full-time employees of Flipkart, WMI and Cleartrip.
3. Policy Guidelines
3.1. When incurring business expenses, we expect employees to exercise discretion and good
business judgment with respect to those expenses.
3.2. All expenses incurred need to be submitted on the reimbursement tool within the defined
reimbursable limits and approvals. Employees are required to submit the claim request
within 45 calendar days from the date of incurring the expense, beyond which the claim
cannot be reimbursed.
3.3. The expenses will be paid at actuals limited to the maximum entitlement on submission of
the original bills/ receipts.
3.4. Reimbursement claims will be settled within 14 business days from the date of hardcopies
receipt, post reporting manager approval
3.5. Expenses which are non-reimbursable in nature are liable for rejection.
3.6. Following are the categories of expenses which are reimbursable / not reimbursable.
Expense Nature Description Policy Guidance

Employee Welfare
Budget

Employee Welfare Budget: INR 3,000 per
employee per quarter. This budget must be
mandatorily used before the end of financial
year in March.
Team Offsite: Planning meetings, team
building activities etc. This includes off-site to
resort/hotel including overnight stay, meals,
travel and transit expenses
All the expenses towards the team offsite must
go through the PR/PO process and must be
negotiated by the procurement team in
advance. Expense towards alcohol should also
be part of the PR/PO. If PR/PO process is not
followed, business justification needs to be
given with approval from grade 14 or above
and from business finance.

Reimbursable at actual costs
within the eligible limit.
The following information is
required for reimbursement:
● Names of individuals
present
● The original bill
● The budget is only for full
time employees of
Flipkart
● These expenses need to
be approved by grade 14
or above
Claims submitted by employees
who are Grade 17 or above will get
auto approved if within the
reimbursable limits, with a
notification mail to reporting
3 of 6

Team Outings: Lunch, dinner, cinema or
concerts, cricket matches or other sports
events, activities such as bowling, paintball etc.
The expenses towards the team outings
(including alcohol – only for dinners and
team-outings) can be paid by self and claimed
through the expense tool upon submission of
necessary original bills.
Alternatively, these requests can be made
through the PR/PO process and negotiated by
the procurement team which will provide us
better negotiated deals.
Team Celebrations: Snacks, cakes etc.
Working Lunches: We would encourage
employees to avoid working lunches and
instead take a quick break for meals at the
office cafeteria. However, in unavoidable
circumstances lunch can be ordered and
claimed as part of the team budgets on
submission of original bills
Lunch/Dinner expenses can be claimed when
working on a declared holiday/weekend.
Dinner expenses can be claimed in case
working beyond 9 pm and where dinner is not
served.

manager detailing the nature of
claim

Vehicle code
violations,
citations and fines

While conducting business travel, whether on
personal, company or rented vehicle

Not reimbursable.

Employee
Recognition

Not reimbursable.
Should be managed via BU R&R
program budget. Please reach-out
to your HRBP.

Farewell gifts and
cakes, Birthday
gifts and cakes
including
lunch/Dinner
parties

Not reimbursable.

4 of 6

Software and
Hardware

Non reimbursable.

Non- Government
Clients / Vendor
meetings

Reasonable expenses in terms of entertaining
(breakfast, lunch, dinner) a non-government
client or vendor will be reimbursed subject to
necessary approvals. A list of all the attendees
along with organization name is mandatory to
be attached while reimbursing.

Approval from Business (Grade 14
or above)

Other Business
Expenses

Any exceptional business expenses such as
conference registration fees, purchasing of
devices/sample products for testing/purchase
of stationery, couriers etc.

Approval from Business (Grade 14
or above)

Other
Non-Reimbursabl
e Expenses

Expenses of a personal nature like:
a. Club memberships
b. Passport fees, travel insurance
c. In-flight headsets
d. Additional airline and travel insurance.
e. Use of personal frequent flyer miles to
pay for business travel
f. Post travel laundry and cleaning
services
g. Late payment fees and interest on
credit cards
h. Lost luggage by airline (should be
claimed through airline)

Not reimbursable.

3.7. If in case the employee has lost the supporting document, then they should either try to get
a duplicate from the service provider (i.e. hotel/restaurant) or get a photocopy which is
signed and stamped in original. Employee must make every effort to get the bill from the
provider.
3.8. In case the above arrangement fails, the employee must submit this lost bill form (Annexure
-Declaration for lost form at the end of the SOP). Employees must submit a separate form
for each lost bill along with the manager's approval. For each lost receipt, reimbursement
will be done up to INR 1500/-
3.9. All bills should be submitted to finance in original.
4. How to submit a Reimbursement Request
4.1. Submit your claim request along with necessary bills through Fusion on OneLogin
4.2. Refer here for the self help tutorials about Fusion
4.3. In case there is any issue related to the reimbursement tool, please raise a Genie request

5 of 6

5. General Guidelines
The Head of Rewards will be responsible for interpretation of the provisions of this policy.
Any exception to the enforcement of this policy needs to be approved by the Head of
Rewards. This Policy is subject to change at any given point of time by Flipkart. The
decision of the company shall be final and binding. Any amendments or additions to this
policy would be communicated in writing and shall form a part of this policy. All reporting
managers are accountable for ensuring compliance with this policy when approving
expenses. Approvers should also ensure on reasonableness of such expenses incurred by
employees.

6. Contact Matrix
Name Primary Contact Secondary Contact
Rewards team Employee-benefits@flipkart.c

om

rewards@flipkart.com

7. Policy Management
Document ID FKE_EExP_2.1
Policy Owner Rewards Team
Recommendation for approval Aakriti Chandra
Legal Reviewer Sudheer SV
Document Approver Krishna Govinda Raghavan
Date of Approval 12th April, 2022
In Effect From 12th April, 2022
Next Review Date 12th April, 2023
