1. BRIEF AND PURPOSE
The L&D Reimbursement policy aims at assisting Flipkart employees pursue online courses
that will aid their career development. The framework of the policy intends to provide
financial support through the defined policy process.
The L&D reimbursement policy is designed to assist Flipkart employees in their capability
building by encouraging them to take online courses, as identified by their Managers/Skip
Managers (Director & above), HR and L&D partner.
2. SCOPE
This policy is applicable to all Full Time employees at Flipkart.

2.1. Below learning interventions will be excluded from the policy.
The policy does not cover reimbursement of the below learning events/interventions and
covers only online courses as approved by the policy requirement.
● Seminars, meetups and conferences
● Membership fee for professional associations
● Individual courses for sports, recreation or hobbies
● Licensing exams (NET, medical, legal etc.) and entrance exams (i.e CAT, GMAT, etc.)

3. POLICY GUIDELINES
Eligible employees can avail the reimbursement towards fees paid by them for online
courses as set out under this policy, for courses relevant to their job subject to fulfilling the
eligibility criteria, and obtaining relevant approvals.
1. Only the courses suggested and approved by Manager / Skip Manager (Director and
above), HR and L&D partner of the business will be applicable.
2. L&D Partner will facilitate Business Finance approval and share the same with the
employee.
3. Employees start the course only after written approval/confirmation from L&D
partner is obtained along with the email approvals from Manager / Skip Manager
(Director and above), HR, L&D partner and Business Finance (as received from the
L&D Partner).
4. Employees can take only up to 1 course at a time.

3 of 6 | Top

5. Employee to pay the fees for the suggested courses upfront, on their own and claim
reimbursement after furnishing a successful completion certificate and payment
details as prescribed in the section on reimbursement process below.
6. Reimbursement claims to be made within 45 days of successful completion of the
course. (Claims made after 45 days of course completion may not be accepted)
7. No reimbursement will be made in case an employee leaves the organization before
completing the course or furnishing the course completion certificate or raising the
claim for reimbursement.
8. Example of eligible courses include:
a. Online courses that provide a course completion certificate
b. Online courses from udemy, simplilearn, coursera etc. (online course
providers).

9. Although capability development can help to improve job performance or to achieve
career aspirations, successful completion of the course does not guarantee nor
necessarily lead to a job promotion, salary increase or any other career advantage
10. No reimbursement or course approvals will be granted to employees who are
undergoing performance improvement (PIP).

4. PROCEDURE FOR APPROVAL AND
REIMBURSEMENT

1. Employees must get an approval, over email, from the Reporting Manager/ Skip
Manager (Director and above), HR and L&D Partner before enrolling in any program
covered as per policy.
2. The L&D partner will initiate the approval from the respective Business Finance
partner and share with the employee before starting the course.
3. The employee needs to complete the course successfully to be eligible for
reimbursement.
4. The reimbursement claims need to be submitted to the finance team within 45 days
after successful completion of the approved course.
5. The reimbursement claim should contain the following documents:
5.1. Course Completion Certificate

4 of 6 | Top

5.2. Original course fee payment receipts
5.3. Employee Reimbursement Claim Form
5.4. Attachment of prior email approvals by Manager/Skip Manager (Director and
above), HR and L&D Partner and Business Finance approval email received
from L&D Partner
5.5. Submit these forms to the Reimbursement team through Fusion tool using
this user guide.
5.6. The claim form will be verified and approved by the Finance team within 14
business days of the Finance team receiving the submission. Once the claim
form and supporting documents have been verified and approved by the
Finance team, the reimbursement amount will be paid.

Note: The claims are being processed on the basis of soft copy. However, do send us
the originals once courier service is in operation in the concerned area, if not within 5
days of office reopening.
Employees who located in ETV office can submit in Mailroom Tower A, ground floor
addressing to Amita Mohanty/Samir Sardar
Amita Mohanty/Samir Sardar -- Reimbursement Team
Flipkart Internet Pvt Ltd
Embassy Tech Village,
Employee Reimbursement
2nd Floor, A Wing,
Devarabeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli,
Outer Ring Road, Bangalore East,
Bangalore 560103

6. PRE CONDITIONS FOR APPROVAL
1. The costs for such programs should be within the overall sanctioned L&D budget for
that cost code (will not exceed more than INR 20,000 plus taxes per employee for a
Financial Year between Jan - Dec.) In case of courses that cost more than INR
20,000/- plus taxes, this policy will be liable to pay upto INR 20,000/- plus taxes and
the remaining cost will be taken care of by the employee.
2. L&D partners will explicitly inform the reporting manager and employee of the policy
via email before commencement to the course by the employee.

5 of 6 | Top

3. L&D partner to give approvals/confirmation for employees to start courses only after
written approval from Business Finance.
7. GENERAL GUIDELINES
For clarification regarding any provision, reach out to Vidhi Bangoria. The functional
director(s) will be responsible for the interpretation of the provisions of this policy. Any
exception to the enforcement of this policy needs to be approved by Sameer Hassan. This
Policy is subject to change at any given point of time by Flipkart. The decision of the
company shall be final and binding. Any amendments or additions to this policy would be
communicated in writing and shall form a part of this policy.
8. CONTACT MATRIX
Name Primary Contact Secondary Contact
Flipskool flipskool@flipkart.com leema.kiran@flipkart.com
Vidhi Bangoria vidhi.bangoria@flipkart.com -
Sneha Murali sneha.murali@flipkart.com -
9. POLICY MANAGEMENT
Document ID FKE_LDR_1.1
Policy Owner Flipskool
Recommendation for approval Leema Kiran
Legal Reviewer Ganesh Shetty
Document Approver Sameer Hassan
Date of Approval 01 March 2022
In Effect From 02 March 2022
Next Review Date 01 Feb 2024
