Mobile Expense Policy
What?
The purpose of this policy is to provide reimbursement assistance to employees for using their
personal mobile for business needs.
Who?
This policy is applicable to all employees who use their personal mobile for business needs.
Policy Guidelines
1. Entitlement:
1.1 Employees can claim reimbursement of mobile bills incurred for usage towards business
needs along with prior approval from their direct managers.
1.2 The expenses will be paid at actuals limited to the maximum entitlement as defined
below;

2. Reimbursement process guidelines:
2.1 Employees are required to submit their reimbursement request on the Travel and
Expense tool.
2.2 It is mandatory to attach the soft copy of the original bill along with the claim request in
Travel and Expense tool.
2.3 If the claim amount is within the reimbursement limit defined in this policy then the
claim request will be auto approved on the tool.
2.4 Any exception towards the claim entitlements on reimbursement amounts must be
approved by Grade 13 & above.
2.5 Once verified and approved by the Account Payables - Finance team, the disbursement
of the claim will be made within 2 business working days post approval of claim.
3. Other guidelines
3.1 An employee can claim reimbursements for up to previous 6 months in row with
appropriate bills. An employee will not be able to claim a bill end date older than 6
months and such claims will be bound for rejection and will be non-reimbursable.
3.2 The mobile bill to be claimed should be in the name of the employee only.

Grade Reimbursement Limit
7 & below Up to INR 500 Per Month
8 to 11 Up to INR 1000 Per Month
12 to 15 Up to INR 1500 Per Month
16 & above Up to INR 2500 Per Month

3.3 Only post-paid mobile connections with bill issued by a service provider can be claimed.
Any reimbursement claims submitted without original bills will be non-reimbursable and
cash receipts will not be considered in lieu of original bills.
3.4 The employees will have to take the mobile connection on their own. Flipkart will not
provide any assistance towards the same.
3.5 An employee can claim only for one connection per month.
3.6 For job roles which require employees to have greater mobile usage and the recurring
expenses are higher than the entitlement, employees are encouraged to subscribe to
the corporate CUG plan.
3.7 Claims submitted by employees of Grade 17 or above will get auto approved irrespective
of the reimbursement limit defined in this policy, with a notification mail to reporting
manager detailing the nature of claim.
3.8 Employees submitting the mobile bills will have to ensure that the reimbursement
claimed by them are genuine and have been incurred by them for official purpose only
and within the framework of the policy.
3.9 The employee should acknowledge having read and understood the company policy on
reimbursement(s) and that they are fully aware that any false statement(s) and claim(s)
are liable to result in immediate termination of their employment.
3.10 This policy is not applicable to campus hires. Please refer to the Campus Benefits
Document for more details
How to submit a Reimbursement Request
✓ Submit your claim request along with necessary bills through Concur tool. Login using
your Flipkart email ID as your username. For system orientation on tool navigation
please refer training videos and user guides here.
✓ In case there is an issue with your expense request or for any tool related queries please
send an email to concursupport@flipkart.com

General Guidelines
The Head of Rewards will be responsible for interpretation of the provisions of the policy. Any
exception to the enforcement of this policy needs to be approved by the Head of Rewards. This
Policy is subject to change at any given point of time by Flipkart. The decision of the company shall
be final and binding. Any amendments or additions to this policy would be communicated in writing
and shall form a part of this policy. All reporting managers are accountable for ensuring compliance
with this policy when approving expenses. Approvers should also ensure on reasonableness of such
expenses incurred by employees.
