Broadband Reimbursement Policy
(Logistics, Grade 5 & Below)
What?
The purpose of this policy is to provide reimbursement assistance to employees for using their home
internet connection to facilitate business requirements.
Who?
This policy is applicable to all Full-time employees who are Grade 5 and below in Department D2002
(Logistics).

Policy Guidelines
1. Entitlement:
1.1 Employees can claim reimbursement of broadband bills incurred for usage towards
business needs along with prior approval from their direct managers.
1.2 The expenses will be paid at actuals limited to the maximum entitlement of up to INR
500 per month.
1.3 Manager’s approval is mandatory for this.
1.4 If the amount exceeds INR 500, then an approval from manager and from grade 13 and
above is mandatory
2. Reimbursement process guidelines:
2.1 Employees are required to submit their reimbursement request on the Travel and
Expense tool.
2.2 It is mandatory to attach the soft copy of the original bill along with the claim request in
the Travel and Expense tool.
2.3 If the claim amount is with the reimbursement limit defined in this policy then the claim
request will be auto approved on the tool.
2.4 Any exception towards the claim entitlements and reimbursable amount must be
approved by Grade 13 & above.
2.5 Once verified and approved by the Finance team, the disbursement of the claim will be
made within 3 business working days post approval of claim.
3. Other guidelines:
3.1 An employee can claim reimbursements for up to previous 6 months in row with
appropriate bills. An employee will not be able to claim a bill end date older than 6
months and such claims will be bound for rejection and will be non-reimbursable.
3.2 The broadband bill to be claimed should be in the name of the employee only.

3.3 Only post-paid and pre-paid broadband connections with bill issued by a service provider
can be claimed. In case of pre-paid broadband claim, the bill date and bill period should
be mentioned in the bill.
3.4 Any reimbursement claims submitted without original bills will be non-reimbursable and
cash receipts will not be considered in lieu of original bills.
3.5 The employees will have to take the broadband connection on their own. Flipkart will
not provide any assistance towards the same.
3.6 An employee can claim only for one connection per month.
3.7 Call charges towards fixed landline, broadband connection, installation charges and
device cost etc. cannot be claimed for reimbursement.
3.8 Employees submitting the broadband bills will have to ensure that the reimbursement
claimed by them are genuine and have been incurred by them for official purpose only
and within the framework of the policy.
3.9 The employee should acknowledge having read and understood the company policy on
reimbursement(s) and that they are fully aware that any false statement(s) and claim(s)
are liable to result in immediate termination of their employment.

How to submit a Reimbursement Request
✓ Submit your claim request along with necessary bills through Concur tool. Login using
your Flipkart email ID as your username. For system orientation on tool navigation
please refer training videos and user guides here.
✓ In case there is an issue with your expense request or for any tool related queries please
send an email to concursupport@flipkart.com

General Guidelines
The Head of Rewards will be responsible for interpretation of the provisions of this policy. Any
exception to the enforcement of this policy needs to be approved by the Head of Rewards. This
Policy is subject to change at any given point of time by Flipkart. The decision of the company shall
be final and binding. Any amendments or additions to this policy would be communicated in writing
and shall form a part of this policy. All reporting managers are accountable for ensuring compliance
with this policy when approving expenses. Approvers should also ensure on reasonableness of such
