1. Introduction and Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to establish reimbursement guidelines for employees incurring
travel, accommodation and meal expenses towards business travel. While these are
entitlements, we believe each Flipster would use their fair judgment while planning their
business travel. This policy shares pointers which you should keep in mind while planning
your next business travel. All travel requests must be routed through the travel desk.
Expense claims can be raised only if the travel is pre-approved.
2. Scope
This policy is applicable to all full-time employees of Flipkart, WMI and Cleartrip.
3. Policy Guidelines
3.1. Domestic Travel
3.1.1. Employees should raise their travel requisition on Musafir at-least 10 days in advance for
domestic travels. The travel requisition needs to be approved as per the approval matrix
(clause 6.1) at-least 5 days prior to the travel date.
3.1.2. If a flight ticket is being booked, the traveler can choose from the options available on the
tool. The tickets will be shared with the employee once the travel request is approved by
the Reporting Manager. In case the request is not approved up till 4 hours before the
scheduled flight time, the travel desk has the right to cancel the ticket for all unapproved
requests post intimation to the employee.
3.1.3. There is no provision of booking a cab for intercity travel if a train is available on the
requested route. In specific cases if cab is required, exceptional approval from Grade 14 or
above would be required
3.1.4. Employees have an option to upgrade class of travel and hotel category in case they are
willing to pay the differential amount. The additional expense will be deducted via salary in
the subsequent month of the expense being incurred.
Domestic Travel Entitlement

All Grades Preference and Class Eligibility

Ground travel less than 4 hours Train (2AC/3AC), Bus
Ground travel more than 4 hours Air (Economy Class), Train (2AC/3AC)
*1st AC class can be booked in trains only when 2nd and 3rd AC tickets are not available.
3.2. Accommodation and Meal
3.2.1. All reservations for travel and accommodations need to be made through Musafir only.
Employees cannot book and claim these expenses.
3.2.2. The entitlement for accommodation and meal expenses must not exceed beyond the
permissible limit as given below (amount excluding all applicable taxes)

Expense Entitlement

Accommodation (INR/Day) Meal (INR/Day)

6000 (NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai,
Hyderabad, Kolkata & Ahmedabad)

Up to 1500
3000 (Others) Up to 1500

3.2.3. The meal expenses can be claimed for self only. These cannot be used for team
lunch/dinner expenses or towards family meal expenses. In cases where a group of
employees are travelling for business reasons, we recommend that the senior most person
can pay on the group’s behalf. They can then claim the same by mentioning the name of all
the attendees on the tool.
3.2.4. All permissible meal expenses will be paid at actuals upon submission of original
bills/receipts up to the maximum entitlement. All reimbursements need to be claimed within
45 calendar days from the date of return, post which, it cannot be reimbursed.
3.2.5. Expenses towards alcoholic beverages cannot be reimbursed as a part of claim during
travel.
3.3. Domestic Travel within a City (During Business Travel)
3.3.1. Airport/Railway transfers (cab pick-up and drop) will be booked by the travel desk
3.3.2. Travel desk will book sedan cabs only. If an employee wants to book a bigger cab, they
should book services like Ola, Uber etc. in their name and claim the expenses at the rate of
INR 15 per KM.
3.4. Local Conveyance
3.4.1. Local conveyance for client site/hub visit/warehouse visit (other than the base location),
employees can
3.4.2. book cabs either through Musafir till 4 hours before the scheduled travel
3.4.3. book an Ola/Uber in their names and get the actual bills reimbursed through the tool, within
45 calendar days of the travel date, post which, it cannot be reimbursed.
3.4.4. Book a cab/auto (where bills are not available) and get it reimbursed through the tool, as per
the following rates –

Local Transport Reimbursement
Cab/Taxi INR 15/Km
Auto INR 13/Km
Bus/Metro train At actuals

3.4.5. If the work demands to stay beyond 10 pm (8 pm for women employees) at office,
warehouse or hubs or any other place of business and where safe transport is not available,
an employee may book a cab in their name for travel to home, and claim reimbursement
through the tool, within 45 calendar days of the travel date, post which, it cannot be
reimbursed.

3.4.6. Once the claim is approved by the Reporting Manager; the status will show as “Pending for
hard copy submission/ with finance” in the tool till 60 days from the approved date. The
original bills along with system generated reimbursement form need to be submitted to the
Finance team for processing failing which the claim will be cancelled in tool without prior
intimation.
3.4.7. Restricted employees* who work at remote locations and are required to travel to client
sites /seller visits/ audit purposes can use their personal vehicles and claim mileage-based
reimbursement within 45 days of the travel date, post which, it cannot be reimbursed. They
need to enter the starting point and destination point of the journey on the expense tool.
The claims can be reimbursed through the tool as per the following matrix:

Mileage based reimbursement
Two-wheelers INR 3 per KM
Four wheelers INR 11 per KM

3.5. International Travel
3.5.1. Employees should raise their travel requisition on Musafir at-least 21 days in advance for
international travel. The travel requisition needs to be approved as per the approval matrix
(clause 6.1) at-least 14 days prior to the travel date.
3.5.2. Employees are required to submit a business case pertaining to travel to the head of
function (SVP & above), which will be evaluated and approved prior to making any related
arrangements or commitments. If 3 or more employees are required to travel together for
the same purpose of travel, then the travel request would need an additional approval from
the SVP of their respective business.
3.5.3. For all international travels, employees are permitted to travel in air economy class.
Employees should bear all costs for any up-gradation and there is no provision for any
exceptional approval. Employees can avail this benefit with help of travel desk

International Travel Entitlement
All Grades Class Eligibility
International Travel Air (Economy Class)

3.5.4. For all overseas travel, travel advance as per the below table, in foreign exchange may be
drawn. The travel advance is intended to cover all expenditure inclusive of local
conveyance, mobile, broadband and incidental expenses, tips and airport trolley charges.
Tips must not exceed 15% of the bill (food, cab); no receipt is required. Trolley charges to
not exceed USD 5 or equivalent. The travel advance should be restricted only to the number
of days spent on business visits. Advance shall be provided subject to approvals defined in
the approval matrix (clause 6.1)

Country Currency Amount

China CNY 1500
Europe EURO 200
UAE AED 800
Hong Kong HKD 1600
USA USD 200
Malaysia MYR 1000
United Kingdom GBP 200
Thailand THB 6400
Singapore SGD 300
Any other Country Equivalent to USD 200

3.5.5. If an employee is not opting for travel advance then, all incidental expenses such as mobile,
broadband, local conveyance and laundry expenses can be claimed at actuals up to a
maximum of US $ 200 per day, upon submission of bills
3.5.6. Employees are required to settle all travel advances within 45 calendar days from the date
of travel advance disbursement with all the relevant supporting bills. Further in-case the
employee fails to clear the travel, the amount will be deducted from the employee’s
subsequent month’s payroll. Any outstanding monies owed by employees to the Company
will be deducted from their full and final settlement in the event of termination and final
payments may be withheld.
3.5.7. After deduction of travel advance from salary, the company is not liable to accept the forex.
The company can only coordinate to get the same converted to local currency but not
responsible for the forex loss/gain.
3.5.8. In case, the expenses incurred is more than the travel advance taken, the employee can
claim the excess in Indian Rupees based on the rate applicable as on the date of
transaction
3.5.9. The entitlement for accommodation and meal expenses must not exceed beyond the
permissible limit as given below. Employees should exercise discretion and good business
judgment with respect to these expenses. Expenses towards alcoholic beverages will not
be reimbursed. All permissible expenses will be paid at actuals on submission of the
original bills/ receipts, up to the maximum entitlement
Hotel Expense
Entitlement

Meal Expense
Entitlement

Breakfast not
provided

Breakfast provided

Hotel rent per day Tier
1 cities: US $ 325

Meal Expense Per Day US $75 US $60

Others: US $250
*rates in US dollar, without tax Tier 1 cities: New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco,
Washington DC, Las Vegas, Singapore, London, Seattle, Hongkong, Frankfurt, Paris
4. Other Guidelines
4.1. All domestic and international travel requisitions must be raised on the Travel and Expense
tool and should go through approvals as outlined below:

Domestic Air Travel International Travel

Grade 17

No Approval Required

Reporting Manager

Grade 14 to Grade 16

Grade 17 Intimation to be sent
to Reporting Manager

Grade 9 to Grade 13 Reporting Manager
Up to Grade 8

Grade 9 or above Intimation to
be sent to Reporting Manager

Train and Bus Travel

Grade 14 or Above No approval required
Grade 13 or Below

1
st Level: Reporting
Manager
